hey what's going on everybody you'll get
it today and welcome back to another
tutorial video and this time I'm going
to be showing you how to get custom
cameras and face paints custom face
cameras in face paints in dayz over pop
because it's really cool mod and if you
haven't seen my insulation for that
video i will leave a link in the
description to that video so you guys
can go and see it and see how see how it
works I guess so yeah I'm just gonna
show you how to do it so okay when you
want to do is you want to just go into
any / box over let's just go to this one
cuz you just want to launch up and then
just wait for it to do its thing because
it does take a while you know use an SSD
for this sub this part still takes a
while I don't know why see and now we're
going into the game and to the lobby and
then okay so once you get in here you
want to disconnect and you know that
you've couldn't have done it right when
you go and you see a DZ over volt AZ
over a dayz overwatch because we want to
launch ARMA 2 with the overwatch and
over pok mods both enabled because I
make sense so if you just join a server
in and back out that's what you get so
you want to go into player profile and
then go to edit and as you can see my
guy has a black balaclava and some
sunglasses and a headset like the old
xbox had sex see I'm just going to show
you guys what kind of things they have
so they have literally loads and loads
and loads of extra cameras and stuff de
Polan obviously they have all the
original armor armor ones like all the
guys but then if you keep scrolling down
then they do have like mask one mask two
three they have
they have some really cool ones down in
the other masks and gloves which I
assume has some black gloves which would
be quite cool they have this terrorist
mask which is also really cool is like
the M the head scarf thing that the
stereotypical terrorist would work I
guess and then they have it in different
colors like they have a kind of gray one
they have the guy's face they also have
the turban one I think this is this one
yeah they have the turban head scarf
thing they have have some more they have
light winter balaclava they have have a
lot of stuff that's just for the faith
and then if you go to glasses they have
way more so they have obviously have a
tactical glass nothing those are in
there anyway then they have things like
pro helmet which is like this which is
looks kind of cool not gonna lie Scott
like the little GoPro mount on it as
well kind of thing that'll be quite cool
you could like actually use that to like
record like first person gameplay you
know they got pro at home and they have
programming of glasses they have pronoun
and Google decisions like the actual
goggles which are great awesome they
also have like other helmets they have a
pilot ones only have berries they have
everything they have liked optical
glasses black which is a pretty sleek
and go headset which is the xbox headset
they go they have a gas mask as well I'm
just going to take off this bottle of a
real quick just to show you yes you can
see you have a gas mask looks kind of
cool looks like the one from the stalker
camera i'm pretty sure it just is that
one they have like gas mask and helmet
they just have so many things they have
you can get a pilot mas like this nose
breather thing it's pretty cool and you
can also get like the visor there as
well she looks pretty cool but I
regularly look white glitchy if you just
ran with that or you can just have a
piece of flying glass above your face so
yeah
again then you as you can see they just
have some more they have scuba diver my
so you just have so many stuff here
which are available to to be put on and
they all it really really cool I'm just
going to show you guys what some of
these look like actually in game because
um you can actually like partner these
up with other skins and yeah they look
pretty cool so like basically you can
wear like about a clover for example
which I'll put on I can find it I think
I went past it I'd you know I'll just
put this one on and then when you put
this one on and let me just put some
glasses on let me put black tactical
glasses they go that's my guys face
looks pretty cool and then if you jump
into server for example all the leads
are full I think I'm just go to this one
yes then if you if you just go into a
server then you can like use a camera on
them and i'll just i'll show you guys
what that looks like because it looks
really awesome so i'll see you guys back
in a sec so as we can see you guys this
is the / POC cameras with some of the
gas masks on and they look really really
awesome as you can see it just fades in
so nicely with like some of the hats and
some of the colors that um that you can
get on it it just looks really awesome
if you partner up with some of the skin
so yeah so i hope this video it's been
helpful to you and if you did use it
please leave a like and subscribe and
I'll see you guys soon thanks